update support Docker versions URL (#4000)
rancher/docs: content/rke/latest/en/config-options/_index.md

### Supported Docker Versions

> By default, RKE will check the installed Docker version on all hosts and fail with an error if the version is not supported by Kubernetes. The list of [supported Docker versions](https://github.com/rancher/kontainer-driver-metadata/blob/master/rke/k8s_docker_info.go#L3-L15) are set specifically for each Kubernetes version. To override this behavior, set this option to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, RKE will check the installed Docker version on all hosts and fail with an error if the version is not supported by Kubernetes. The list of supported Docker versions are set specifically for each Kubernetes version in kontainer-driver-metadata depending on the RKE version used (to override this behavior, set this option to `true`). Refer to the following:
- For RKE v1.3.x, see this [link](https://github.com/rancher/kontainer-driver-metadata/blob/release-v2.6/rke/k8s_docker_info.go for RKE v1.3.x)
- For RKE v1.2.x, see this [link](https://github.com/rancher/kontainer-driver-metadata/blob/release-v2.5/rke/k8s_docker_info.go)
```

> By default, RKE will check the installed Docker version on all hosts and fail with an error if the version is not supported by Kubernetes. The list of [supported Docker versions](https://github.com/rancher/kontainer-driver-metadata/blob/master/rke/k8s_docker_info.go#L3-L15) are set specifically for each Kubernetes version. To override this behavior, set this option to `true`.

Reviewer: Per @kinarashah, it would be best if we could break the links down by RKE version. Thank you for your contribution!
